I want to, import metadata in my records into the repository in Dublin Core or Qualified Dublin Core. So that I can do my cataloging in other platforms and import it into the repository without having to crosswalk or map the metadata.
I want to, export the metadata in my records in Dublin Core or Qualified Dublin Core. So that I can use the metadata in other platforms and systems that use Dublin Core.
I want to, batch import metadata into the repository. So that I can use load multiple metadata records at one time.
I want to, make changes to existing fields in multiple metadata records at one time through a batch process. I am making these changes after the records were initially submitted to the repository. So that I can update metadata in multiple records without having to manually make changes in each record.
I want to, add new metadata fields and corresponding values to multiple records at one time through a batch process. I am making these changes after the records were initially submitted to the repository. So that I can add new fields and metadata values to multiple records without having to manually make changes in each record.
I want, repository users to choose from a list of suggested subject headings for their work in addition to inputting keywords. So that there is more consistent metadata for subject fields that requires less clean-up.
I want to, transfer records from MARC to MODS. So that I can use the metadata in library catalog records for digital objects in the digital repository.
I want to, import metadata records into the repository using a specific metadata schema such as Dublin Core, EAD, MODS, or VRA Core. So that I can do my cataloging in other platforms and import it into the repository without having to crosswalk or map the metadata.
I want to, export my metadata records from the repository in a specific metadata schema such as Dublin Core, EAD, MODS, or VRA Core. So that I can use the metadata in other platforms and systems that use those schemas.
I want to, use URIs in some fields of my record instead of text strings. So that the metadata in my record is linked to authority records.
I want to, get standardized and appropriate information about what is available from the repository. So that I can store that information for my own use or replicate it elsewhere.
I want to use URIs in some fields of my record instead of text strings. So that the metadata in my record is linked to authority records.